Hello, my name is Anil Chaudhary. I am 55
years old. Due to my death in Covid,
I have been doing a small export business of homemade spices with my wife for the last few years.
If there is no Marine Transit Insurance in this business, then it becomes
very difficult to bear the loss. So,
I came to know from the traders in the market that
now in the market of ICC Lombard Marine Transit Insurance, no
documentation, no fuss,
policy in hand in just a few minutes, that too change on
just one click. ICC lombard.com is the
true digital partner of your business. ICC
Lombard Business Insurance Solutions like
Marine Transit, Roof, Health, Fire etc. which
promises to the MSMEs of the country to protect their business and we
salute their courage.